Karen believed all traffic laws should be obeyed by all except herself.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
She advised him to come back at once.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
The lake is a long way from here.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Greetings from the real universe.